Add ReadMe for propertyTransform (#111)
aws-cloudformation/aws-cloudformation-resource-schema: README.md

* **`replacementStrategy`**: As mentioned above, changing a `createOnlyProperty` requires replacement of the resource by creating a new one and deleting the old one. The default CloudFormation replacement behavior is to create a new resource first, then delete the old resource, so as to avoid any downtime. However, some resources are singleton resources, meaning that only one can exist at a time. In this case, it is not possible to create a second resource first, so CloudFormation must Delete first and then Create. Specify either `create_then_delete` or `delete_then_create`. Default value is `create_then_delete`
* **`taggable`**: A boolean type property which defaults to true, indicating this resource type supports updatable [`tagging property`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/aws_tagging.html). Otherwise, it indicates this resource type does not contain any updatable [`tagging properties`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/aws_tagging.html).

> * **`propertyTransform`**: Is a map (Map<String, String>) with the keys being property names and values being jsonata transformation functions (https://jsonata.org/). This property is used to avoid falsely drifted resources. If the handler transforms the input to the resource to an expected value a transform function can be defined for this property to avoid drift.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **`propertyTransform`**: Is a map (Map<String, String>) with the keys being property paths and values being jsonata transformation functions (https://jsonata.org/). This property is used to avoid falsely drifted resources. If the handler transforms the input to the resource to an expected value a transform function can be defined for this property to avoid drift.
```

> * **`propertyTransform`**: Is a map (Map<String, String>) with the key set to property name and value to set to jsonata transformation function (https://jsonata.org/). This property is used to avoid falsely drifted resources. If the handler transforms the input to the resource to an expected value a transform function can be defined for this property to avoid drift.

Reviewer 2: This library doesn't look heavily used outside of JavaScript, so I'm curious how this is implemented

Author: Pat, I agree that we need more documentation. Right now the downstream service fix is still in progress and is not ready for customers to use. I am a little apprehensive about adding a whole lot of information without the deployment being complete. Please let me know if you disagree.

Reviewer 3: Is there a good way to indicate an "in progress" property? From a customer perspective: having the documentation available before the implementation, seems like a good way to work backwards and provide feedback on how things might work. I completely understand the other side of that too (and I don't have a strong opinion either way).  

Currently, the only feedback that I have is very minor (although I'm sure more eyes would lead to more feedback), and something you'd probably address when creating more documentation:
- "If the handler transforms the input to the resource to an expected value a transform function can be defined for this property to avoid drift" was a bit hard to parse for me. If I read that correctly it could be rewritten as "If the read handler implementation is causing equivalent values to be incorrectly seen as drifted,  a `propertyTransform` can be applied to the (original) template properties, to make sure that the values being compared are using the same representation. This happens before the drift comparison is done"

> * **`propertyTransform`**: Is a map (Map<String, String>) with the key set to property name and value to set to jsonata transformation function (https://jsonata.org/). This property is used to avoid falsely drifted resources. If the handler transforms the input to the resource to an expected value a transform function can be defined for this property to avoid drift.

Reviewer: how are nested properties handled? is it a fully specified path?

Reviewer 2: should have this format be consistent with the others

Author: nested properties can be mentioned by appending dots. For example:
```
"foo": {
    "bar": {
       "type": "string"
    }
}

"propertyTransform": {
    "/properties/foo/bar": "$join([foo.bar, "test"])"
}
```

> * **`propertyTransform`**: Is a map (Map<String, String>) with the key set to property name and value to set to jsonata transformation function (https://jsonata.org/). This property is used to avoid falsely drifted resources. If the handler transforms the input to the resource to an expected value a transform function can be defined for this property to avoid drift.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **`propertyTransform`**: Is a map (Map<String, String>) with the keys being property names and values being jsonata transformation functions (https://jsonata.org/). This property is used to avoid falsely drifted resources. If the handler transforms the input to the resource to an expected value a transform function can be defined for this property to avoid drift.
```

Reviewer: might also be good to link to drift documentation as well if people are curious about what drift is
